MVP Schemas
============

## User
Extends the ParseUser obj

* **objectId** (String) - key identifer, auto-generated by parse
* **createdAt** (Date) - time user is created, auto-generated by parse
* **role** (ParseRole obj) - (Staff or User)
* **name** (String)
* **email** (String)
* **phoneNumber** (String)
* **password** (String)
* **cla** (Number) - Current Liquid Assets

## Transaction
* **user** (User obj) - who does this transaction belong to?
* **goal** (Goal obj) - what goal is this transaction apart of? if nil, not a goal transaction
* **createdAt** (Date) - time transaction added
* **amount** (Number) - amount of the transaction can be +/-
* **description** (String) - what was the transaction?
* **type** (Integer) - Was this a debit or credit?
 * enum [Expense =1, Income = 2]
* **category** (Category obj) - (E.g: Food, Supplies, Goal, etc)

## Goal
* **user** (User obj) - which user is this goal associated with?
* **name** (String) - Simple Name of Goal
* **description** (String) - details of the goal
* **type** (Integer) - Goal Type
 * enum (Loan, Deposit, Vacation, etc)
* **status** (Integer) - Whats the status of the Goal?
 * enum: [In Progress = 1, Achieved = 2]
* **amount** (Number) - total $ amount of the goal
* **paymentInterval** (Integer) - What interval was set for goal payments. Stored in days unit.
 * enum: [Daily = 1, Weekly = 7, BiWeekly = 14, Monthly = 30, BiMonthly = 60]
* **paymentAmount** (Number) - what was the payment amount chosen for this goal
* **numPayments** (Integer) - How many payments are needed to reach goal with interval and payment amount
* **goalDate** (Date) - When do they wish to achieve this goal? (suggest # payments, payment amt, interval?)

## Category (Utility)
* **id**
* **name** (String)

Wanted Schemas
===============

## Staff (for polish)
####(Assumed God Mode otherwise, ie can see all users)

* accountsList - List of Users-IDs
